2
3
2400
?
WAIT
STOP
NOTE
CAUTION
Cancel
OK

1 note alert
Preferences could not find the message that should appear here. If you are unable to proceed,
contact a qualified service representative, and mention the number ^N.

2 stop alert
The Lisa is having technical difficulties accessing the
startup disk.^L^L
Put away your documents one at a time or push the Lisa on-off button to save them
all.^L^L
Refer to the Lisa Office System manual, Appendix A, Office System Error Messages, under Difficulty
Accessing Disk.

6 note alert
Do not install any card until the Lisa has been turned off.

7 CAUTION OK alert
You are about to disconnect your specified start up device.^L

8 note alert
The next time you turn the Lisa on it will start up from that device.

16 note alert
You cannot disconnect the ^1 because one device, or more, is currently attached to that card,
as listed in Preferences. The devices attached to the ^1 must be disconnected through Preferences
before the card itself can be disconnected.

17 Note Alert
You are missing some software needed to use the ^1. You will not be able to use any device connected to that
card until you have reinstalled the missing software and have turned the Lisa off and then on again.

19 note alert
There is a card in slot ^1, but Preferences has not been informed that it is there. You will not be able to
use any device attached to this expansion card until you connect it through Preferences.

20 note alert
Preferences has been told that there is an expansion card in slot ^1, but there is actually no card in this
slot.

21 note alert
Some of the devices listed in Preferences as being connected are missing the software required to run
them. These devices will be noted in Preferences  as having "No Device Software". You cannot use these devices
until you install the missing software. Refer to the Lisa Office System manual, Chapter 6, Setting Up Your
System, under Adding Devices.

22 note alert
No more devices can be attached to the Lisa because memory available for this purpose is full. You can make
more room in memory by telling Preferences that one device or card, or more, is no longer connected.

23 Note alert
Please put a micro diskette in the drive.

24 note alert
There is no device software on the micro diskette.

29 note alert
The new device software on the startup disk has been recognized.

32 note alert
Software needed to operate the ^1 is missing. You will need to install the appropriate software before you
can use ^1. Refer to the Lisa Office System manual, Chapter 6, Office System Setup Procedures, under
Adding Devices.

35 stop alert
Before you can continue, you must repair the startup disk and then reinstall the Lisa Office System software,
using the Office System 1 micro diskette. If the problem reoccurs, remove your documents from the startup disk,
then erase the startup disk and reinstall the Lisa Office System software. Refer to the Lisa Office System
manual, Chapter 8, Troubleshooting, under Disk Repair.


37 wait alert
Preferences is copying the software for the ^1.

40 note alert
There is not enough room on the startup disk for this device software. You might be able to make more room
on the disk. Refer to the Lisa Office System manual, Appendix A, Office System Error Messages, under
Insufficient Room on Disk.

41 note alert
Preferences can't copy the software for the ^1. Your micro diskette might be bad. You can try to repair the
diskette. Refer to the Lisa Office System manual, Appendix A, Office System Error Messages, under Disk
Problems.

42 note alert
Preferences is having trouble reading or writing to the startup disk. You should repair the startup disk.
Refer to the Lisa Office System manual, Chapter 8, Troubleshooting, under Disk Repair.

43 note alert
Preferences cannot access the information it needs from the micro diskette.

44 note alert
Preferences is having an unknown problem connecting the ^1 to that location. You might be able to remedy
the situation by restarting the Lisa Office System. If the problem reoccurs, you will have to reinstall
the Lisa Office System software. Refer to the Lisa Office System manual, Chapter 6, under Installing the Office
System software.

46 note alert
^1 is printing at this time and cannot be removed from Preferences. Wait until printing is complete,
and then try again.

47 note alert
You will not be able to access documents on this disk until you restart the Lisa Office System.

50 Caution Ok alert
Are you sure you want to remove the software for the ^1?

51 Caution Ok Alert
You have already asked Preferences to disconnect this device the next time the Lisa Office System is
started. If this is still what you want, click OK. If you want the ^1 to remain connected, click Cancel.

53 Wait Alert
Preferences is searching the micro diskette for device software.

54 Caution OK Alert
The ^2 cannot be attached here because the ^1 is currently in use. You can tell Preferences to disconnect
the ^1, but the actual disconnection won't take place until the next time the Lisa Office System is started.
You will not be able to connect the ^2 at this location until then. Refer to the Lisa Office System manual,
Chapter 6, under Adding Devices.

55 Caution Ok alert
The ^1 is in use and can't be disconnected at this time. You can tell Preferences to disconnect the ^1,
but the actual disconnection won't take place until the next time the Lisa Office System is started. You will
not be able to connect another device at this location until then. Refer to the Lisa Office
System manual, Chapter 6, under Adding Devices.

56 Caution Ok Alert
The ^2 cannot be attached to this connector because the ^1 is currently in use. You can tell Preferences to
disconnect the ^1, and it will be disconnected the next time the Lisa Office System is started. You will not
be able to connect the ^2 at this connector until then. Refer to the Lisa Office System Manual,
Chapter 6, under Adding Devices.

57 Caution Ok alert
The ^1 is in use and can't be disconnected at this time. You can tell Preferences to disconnect the ^1,
but the actual disconnection won't take place until the next time the Lisa Office System is started. You will
not be able to connect another device at this location until then. Refer to the Lisa Office
System manual, Chapter 6, under Adding Devices.

58 Note Alert
Preferences is having an unknown problem disconnecting the ^1. You might be able to remedy
the situation by restarting the Lisa Office System. If the problem reoccurs, you will have to reinstall
the Lisa Office System Software. Refer to the Lisa Office System manual, Chapter 6, under Installing the Office
System software.

59 Note Alert
You cannot remove the software for the ^1 because the ^1 is currently in use.

60 Note Alert
Preferences cannot mount the ^1.

61 Note Alert
Preferences cannot unmount the ^1.

117 Note Alert
You are missing at least one driver file needed to use the ^1. You will not be able to use any device
connected to the ^1 until you have reinstalled the missing driver file(s) and restarted Preferences.

121 note alert
Some of the devices listed in Preferences as being connected are missing the driver files required to run
them. These devices will be noted in Preferences as having "No Device Software". You cannot use these devices
until you have installed the missing files and restarted Preferences.

132 note alert
At least one driver file needed to operate the ^1 is missing. You will need to install the missing
file(s) before you can use ^1.

135 stop alert
Your startup disk is damaged and should be scavenged.

140 note alert
There is not enough room on the startup disk to copy this driver file.

141 note alert
Preferences can't copy the driver files for the ^1. Your micro diskette might be bad. You can try to
scavenge the diskette.

142 note alert
Preferences is having trouble reading or writing to the startup disk. You should scavenge it.

144 note alert
Preferences is having an unknown problem connecting the ^1 to that location. You might be able to remedy
the situation by rebooting.

151 Caution Ok Alert
You have already asked Preferences to remove the ^1 from the list of devices in Parameter Memory.
If this is still what you want, click OK.
If you want the ^1 to remain in the list, click Cancel.

154 Caution OK Alert
The ^2 cannot be attached here because the ^1 is currently in use. You can remove the ^1 from the list of
devices in Parameter Memory now, but it will remain mounted by the Operating System and usable until you reboot.

155 Caution Ok alert
The ^1 is in use and can't be removed at this time. You can remove the ^1 from the list of
devices in Parameter Memory now, but it will remain mounted by the Operating System and usable until you
reboot.

156 Caution Ok Alert
The ^2 cannot be attached to this connector because the ^1 is currently in use. You can remove the ^1 from
the list of devices in Parameter Memory now, but it will remain mounted by the Operating System and usable
until you reboot.

157 Caution Ok alert
The ^1 is in use and can't be removed at this time. You can remove the ^1 from the list of
devices in Parameter Memory now but it will remain mounted by the Operating System and usable until you reboot.

158 Note Alert
Preferences is having an unknown problem removing the ^1 from the list of devices in Parameter Memory.
You might be able to remedy the situation by rebooting.

0
2
File/Print
Set Aside Everything
Set Aside Preferences
-
Monitor the Printer ...

3
File
Quit

4
Debug
Enter LisaBug
Scramble
Draw the Screen
Write PM to memory
Print PM
Me
Debug uPref
Debug uConfig
Print the Form
Print the Current Device Tree
Print the card list
Print the device list
Print the driver list
Print the process list
Print the defered list

5
my strings
Before setting the
contrast, adjust
the brightness on
the back of the
Lisa until the
edges of this box
are sharp.

6
my Word
word

0
ÿ